Draft learning outcomes for novices (#3)
tobyhodges/genai-user-workshop: learning-outcomes-novice.md

# Learning outcomes for movice programmers
_After participating in the workshop, learners will be able to…_

* Summarise some of the ethical concerns around the development and use of genAI.
* Assess the risk of using the output from generative AI in a coding task.

> * Summarise the development process of a large language model.

Author: ```suggestion
* Summarise the process through which a large language model is developed and presented to the user.
```

Is this clearer @mhagdorn?

> * Summarise the development process of a large language model.

Reviewer: yes, much better
